User guides (#177)
deeppavlov/dialog_flow_framework: docs/source/index.rst

   :alt: Number of downloads
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/dff/

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10%20%7C%203.11-green.svg
   :alt: Supported python versions

The Dialog Flow Framework (DFF) is an open-source, `Apache 2.0 <https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>`_-licensed library

> that was developed specifically for creating dialog systems. DFF provides a comprehensive set of tools and resources for building conversational systems
> for a wide range of applications, including chatbots, virtual assistants, and other interactive systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that was developed specifically for creating dialog systems. DFF provides a comprehensive set of tools and resources, targeting a wide range of applications, including chatbots, virtual assistants, and other interactive systems.
```
dialog systems == conversational systems

Author: Not that related to PR, but I changed that too
